and today the unveiled area to be the force
that the Indian forum before fell from the bridge
to cut path
take a curly faith to the other side
if you look right to the right there will be one with the
where many people go unnoticed
first sight of the first time they play
Cardinal coming up the tower
left stairs and knocked on the door
destroyed there moving on 'get
a chardy stimulant and the worse the
people know that I am, and then I fall
instead of gaining a debt and black
zim buys a firebomb in the merchant and
plays at the bottom of the wall to open a
Great cuts way mainly for
speedy hanners talk to warrior
fish at least four times before
go straight on then go through the gate
until you reach these stone walls where
there is a secret passage where we get a
stf software and a hellberg anders yet
on the same path as we are again
we'll talk to petit now give us a
web sites or stone in the lecture room
killing the enemies and descending the
stairs we found this good but take
careful get ready it always seems to go
there will be a trap waiting in this chest
the door is closed only open by the
the other side to and if we hit some
times until the monsters
inside entering the room we take life and
a tannat charge laryngitis
after buying a crazy way I'm
in the marker
we used on the wall of the blow room with
trap and we discovered two more chests
one containing chlorine and tincture
regenerates our mine faster and
another one Tahitian between light coming out
by the cardinal door as it descends
by the woods we killed the two chubby ones
and down the stairs to the cave
fire inside the gate in the Gauchão
safari today launched one of the best
weapons to start the game
going down the tree root right
and after the miti
we got to an excavation we talked
with the npc several times until we receive the
key of the mansion of male squid where
obtain each had one or more of
fans who chay a hawkstone fable
descending the wooden platform
we found one more shot
richard after spending 10,000 sounds with
this merchant we talked to him and
we received the invitation for silver snake
a bad one that will increase our
drop milk using dark in battle
against deposition everything is much easier
from 2 at the time of the attack to
lock the big boss z balestra to hit
arrows on it and then just run for
hug and after defeat we can fall in
hole to catch the drec set
extremely powerful for the beginning of the
d'ars the two at the end of this sword
in the structure we found hours
when East of us had
defeated with health and kimmons we open
this door to find the ring
restoration
another door can be opened now they
gives access to a new area where we
the following items crack the head of
keep seven and find another bonfa and one
giant beyond mysterious and by
last after buying at silver kate
Ring on the cat, come on, let's go to the
hell in the carlinhos we can kill the
first up from here even with spells
or with items of attack or with bow and
arrow after that we go down to get
some items
fairey tony hawk ring drinks that
increases the range of the archery
borges or the front light in the neighborhood a
frame following another court to
increase defense-fire attack and logo
more below other sports the head org
and a great shield the hubble great world and
We finished here another video supports
the project click the liked happened
this video your favorites on youtube
leave your comment being subscribed to
channel sign up to receive news
about video postings
this was another episode of the series
secrets of the areas of dark souls 2